Requests mock (#30)
datamade/testing-guidelines: intermediate-python-testing.md

mock_handle = mock.patch('path.to.CLASS_YOU_ARE_MOCKING')
mock_handle.return_value = mocked_class
```

## requests-mock

> Sometimes, your app sends requests to external URIs. And sometimes, these requests either have very little to do with the needs of your tests or fully interfere with them. [`requests-mock`](https://requests-mock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/overview.html) leaps into action!

Reviewer: great points. i'd add that it violates test isolation to rely on requests to an external service!

> `requests-mock` sets up [a transport adapter](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/advanced/#transport-adapters) (a mechanism which defines how to handle HTTP requests). With a `requests-mock` adapter, you can load data into responses from specified URIs. How to use it? `requests-mock` comes with [multiple patterns for instantiating the `requests_mock.Mocker` class](https://requests-mock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mocker.html#activation). For instance, use it as a context manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`requests-mock` sets up [a transport adapter](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/advanced/#transport-adapters) (a mechanism which defines how to handle HTTP requests). With a `requests-mock` adapter, requests to the specified URIs are automatically patched, giving you control of the data they return. How to use it? `requests-mock` comes with [multiple patterns for instantiating the `requests_mock.Mocker` class](https://requests-mock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mocker.html#activation). For instance, use it as a context manager:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

import requests
import requests_mock

def test_get_resp():
    with requests_mock.Mocker() as m:

>         m.get("http://propane.org", text="that boy ain't right")

Reviewer: lol regina

        rsp = requests.get("http://propane.org").text

        assert rsp.text == "that boy ain't right"
``` 

> Your app might hit variations of the same URI, however. `requests-mock` saves you the tedium of mocking each path. You can define an adaptor that matches multiple paths, [e.g., with Regex](https://requests-mock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/matching.html#regular-expressions). Let's return to the example above, but build out some of its functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your app might hit variations of the same URI, such as different endpoints of an API. `requests-mock` saves you the tedium of mocking each path. You can define an adaptor that matches multiple paths, [e.g., with Regex](https://requests-mock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/matching.html#regular-expressions). Let's return to the example above, but build out some of its functionality.
```

**`utils.py`**
```python
def get_result():
    # query the database and return result

> def scrape_an_endpoint(endpoint):

Reviewer: i'm not sure i follow the arg being `endpoint`. based on the code in `tasks.py`, it looks like it should be `result_id` or something similar?

Author: yup, that's much more clear – variable names, important in the real world, important in the abstract
